We achieved a lot.
Now it's time to work on that detail page are a little bit and make our place bankable for that.
Let's have a look at the place detail page.
It's a very simple page thus far.
Now I will start by having as a big image at the top.
And for this I'll remove the padding up here and then add the ion image here.
And I want to bind my image here to the place which I loaded which is stored here in the place property.
So you're I will simply render place image you are L and I'll put that into a grid with a row and I
and column.
And I want to make sure that the size is okay.
So for let's say smaller or bigger devices I'll give it as a size of six columns and I'll Offset of
free to have a centered smaller column and in there I'll have that image below there.
There will be a number row where we could output the description.
And for this let's reuse the sizes we set up there and output in a paragraph that place this grep chin
and of course you can add more here.
I will now simply add that button so same sizing and also the text center utility attribute.
And then that same button we had there before with that if this reloads here here's my place.
Now that extra spacing around the image stems from the grid.
You have to add no padding on it to remove that padding which it adds by default otherwise.
Now it does reloads and you watch that you see it shrank.
There still is more padding and that is coming from that column here.
So on this first column you should know all that no padding.
And now it is will reload again and you should have no padding around the image.
Now also let's center this text.
So here I will add text center and here a will add some extra padding again so that there is some spacing
around that text looks better.
Now that is the one thing purely an optional visual thing of course that helps for getting a nice app.
But now let's work on that book button and let's make sure that we can actually book something ordered
that something happens when I click that book key here and for that I'll work on the bookings service
because right now in there we basically start with dummy booking that refers to one of our dummy places.
Now bookings should of course be managed independent from the places obviously they will use place data
but I will not initialize any bookings based on my places.
Instead we should be able to create new ones and I will also use a subject here so that we can update
our entire application as smart reactive way.
So we'll create a new behavior subject here behavior subject is imported from our exchanges and I will
initialize this with an empty array and the generic type here will be booking a rate.
So what we previously has had as a type here.
That means that when we get our bookings here I will return this underscore bookings as observable and
therefore we'll have to adjust our components as well.
And I need to add booking and also a cancel booking method here to cancel booking method will get these
booking I.D. as an argument I can already say that.
But I want to focus on the ADD booking method here first.
Now how is a booking added if we have a look at the form we add first and the last name the number of
guests and of course the duration for which you want to stay.
And I also want to save the idea of the place we booked the title of the place and the image of the
place title and image so did when we output the bookings we could output that data as well hence here
I expect to get the place I.D. which should be a string the place title let's say and the place image
because we should have that data in the part of our application where we start to booking otherwise
we could also try to fetch it by place idea here of course that would work as well.
Then I get my first name as a string and my last name as a string whips string my guest number as a
number and to date from which will be a date and the date to which will be a date.
OK.
So that is all the data I have here now and at booking we can create a new booking here by calling new
booking and using our booking model.
However that model needs some adjustment some tweaking.
We do expect to place ideas in there.
We do expect the user I.D. in here which I will have to get from the off service the place title.
Now I also want to get my place image in here we have the guest number but now I also want to get my
first name and I also want to get my last name in here which are both strings and I.D. for the booking
itself of course and the dates so booked from should be a date and booked two should be a date as well.
This is now the updated booking model.
Back in the booking service we have to pass all that data here.
Now 40 ideas that will later be generated on the server.
For now I will again use moth random and converges to a string to have a pseudo unique idea here.
The place ideas received as an argument the same is true for the place title and image but not for the
user I.D..
The user ideas managed and off service though so we can simply inject that service.
So let's add a constructor and of service here as an argument automatically bound to the off service
property.
Of course make sure to add the right import up there.
And then here I can simply pass this off service user I.D. and after the user I.D. will need to place
title which I get as an argument here.
Same is true for the place image and also for First Name Last Name.
Guest number date from and then here.
Date 2.
So this is now the new booking that is created.
Goal is now to update our list of bookings.
Add to that and then publish it to the world which of course is the same pattern we used in the place
service and therefore you can definitely pass the video and implemented on your own if you feel like
practicing this a bit.
Were you successful.
Now let's do it together and it's really just the same approach in general we're generating our new
booking here.
And if we have a look at the place service for ad place I also initialized my new place and then I got
access to my existing places.
Now that will be the bookings and I basically concatenated that new booking or new place and now it
will be the new booking.
So here I will have this
bookings and this is a subscriber whole observable or subject.
I will pipe in there and take only the lost value the latest one and for that you need to import take
from our X J S slash operators with Tag imported.
We don't just want to take it we all don't want to tap in there and get our bookings here to then call
this underscore bookings next and admit our old bookings.
Plus with the help of cat plus our new booking that should be all and that is exactly the same pattern
I used in the places service now important of course.
Just as in the places service I will return.
This whole process.
So this observable chain here so did in other parts of the application I can subscribe to it and show
a loading spinner until we're done.
And again we can introduce a delay here with the delay operator of 1 second delay operator
needs to be imported here from our X J.S. operators and now we can simply fake that this takes a bit
longer now.
Adjustments are required in our bookings page because there we load all the bookings.
Now this does not work like this anymore just as it didn't work like this with the places anymore.
Instead here we want to subscribe we get our bookings here and then it will set this loaded bookings
equal to the bookings I get here in my subscription and ask before we want to clear the subscription.
So my booking sub which is of type subscription and subscription is imported from our express that subscription
should be destroyed an NGO and destroy.
So let's add on destroy as an interface here from at Angola core and then here at the bottom we add
energy on destroy and called this bookings up unsubscribe like that and let's wrap it by a check to
see if this set actually so that we don't try to call unsubscribe in the unlikely case that booking
up somehow it should be on the find.
So now we're initializing our bookings correctly again.
That should work for now.
What about creating a booking though right now of course what you can see is if I go to bookings does
works without an error but also without a booking.
What if I did enter all my data here and I now want to confirm my booking by clicking that book button.
Remember that we open that from inside the place detail the component and then here indeed we present
our action sheet which allows us to open a modal.
So we make it into this method.
And in there.
Here we go into this then block once we basically submit the form in the model year we'll get our booking
data hence it's in here and that confirm if block where I want to add a new booking.
So let's inject our booking service then because that is a service that has the add booking method booking
service which is of type booking service and booking service of course needs to be imported
from the booking service file and whether it import that and inject it down there and confirm.
BLOCK I can call this booking service at booking and now we need to pass a bunch of data now first forward
the place we're working on and this is also the word in our place property.
So in this place property we have here in the entire place detail page component.
This one here.
So in this place property we have of course all the place data like deed I.D. but all like the title
and the image.
So passing this shouldn't be any problem not a first name can be retrieved from their assault data and
they are from the data field because Dad will hold the data we essentially pass back from inside the
motel and if we have a quick look at our create booking page component which is our model and you end
in the data we'll have that booking data field which in the end holds first name last name guest number
and our dates.
Now let me quickly change some things here.
Guest numbers should be a number.
So let's add a plus here and the dates should be date objects.
So let me wrap them into didn't you date constructor here.
So did we pass back the data in the correct format but will now be able to access this here under assault
data Dot's data dot booking data because I named this key your booking data if you named it differently
you access it differently so here we can now extract our data to make this a bit easier and confirm
let's get our data which of course is retrieved from the assault data thought data and there is the
booking data as I mentioned so it's the data constant which now holds all my data and there I'll have
my first name in data.
I'll also have my last name Whip's last name in data.
All they have my guest number.
And you can always check your create booking component to see how you named these keys there.
The dates are named start date and end date for example.
So here where I expect my date from this will be data start date and then it's data and date like this.
So now I'm passing all that data to add booking.
The one thing is of course that I added this extra layer and hence I want to show a little loading indicator
until we're really done and they are for you know the game we inject our loading controller loading
controller type loading controller from at ionic angular from which we already inject a bunch of stuff
into displaced detail the component and then down there we essentially create that loading controller
here.
So this loading controller creates with a message of booking place for example.
Here we get to then block with the loading element returned eventually and it's now inside of this then
block that I want to execute all this code and then we can call loading element her ascent here and
in add booking that is an observable so we can subscribe to this.
Once we're done in there we can call loading element dismiss and this makes sure that we then remove
the loading indicator.
By the way since we now have the then block instead of all.
Then block we could all the restructured is to return this promise here and add a number then blocking
our main chain.
But I would think this is a bit easier to to read right now and to understand how things are working
together so let's save that and let's see if that works as it should.
Our place detailed components or reload and I can click book here with a random date let's say now my
name is Max Schwartz to shorten a.
I have three guests I'll take that random date and I click book we're booking the place and did it work.
We have a look at our bookings.
Indeed.
Here it is.
Here is our booking.
We made obviously one issue is that I just booked the place which was created by me because there actually
are no booking places.
Now there's something we can take care about but the general flow of adding a booking is working now
let's make sure we can cancel one before we then have a look at ensuring that we only can click book
on places that are booking all.